v10.12: add documentation for server pre-shared secrets (#8319)
mattermost/docs: source/end-user-guide/preferences/connect-multiple-workspaces.rst

  .. note::

    If you're using the desktop app prior to release v5.0, individual servers display as separate tabs at the top of the window instead of the top left corner of the window as a list, and servers are managed by going to **… > File > Settings** on Windows and **Mattermost > Preferences** on Mac.

  1. Select **Add a server**.

    .. image:: ../../images/desktop-server-add.png
      :alt: Connect the desktop app to a Mattermost Server using options located in the top left corner of the Mattermost screen.

  2. Enter the server URL. Server URLs must begin with either ``http://`` or ``https://``.

    .. tip::

      Can't find your Mattermost server URL? Ask your company’s IT department or your Mattermost system admin for your organization’s **Mattermost Site URL**. It’ll look something like ``https://example.com/company/mattermost``, ``mattermost.yourcompanydomain.com``, or ``chat.yourcompanydomain.com``. These URLs could also end in ``.net``.

  3. Enter the server's Display Name.

>   4. Optionally, enter a **Pre-authentication Secret** if required by your server configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  4. If prompted, enter a **Pre-authentication Secret**. This is an additional security measure that some organizations use to control access to the Mattermost server. Your system admin can provide you with the **Pre-authentication Secret** value if required.
```

Author: This is not something the server is going to preemptively ask for. Users can try and connect to a server protected with a pre-authentication secret. Users must manually toggle the advanced settings section and enter the secret. The "If prompted" here seems confusing to me, but 0/5

Reviewer: Thank you! I've updated my inline feedback. If you agree that it's accurate and complete, we can use the same language for line 63.

    .. image:: ../../images/desktop-server-add-2.jpg
      :alt: Desktop app server setup dialog showing the optional pre-authentication secret field.

> 
>     .. tip::
> 
>       If your server requires a pre-authentication secret for enhanced security, ask your system administrator for the **Pre-authentication Secret** value. This is an additional security measure that some organizations use to control access to their Mattermost server.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
